# YouTube/Podcast Summary Platform

## 1. Create Account & Persistent Login

- Users should be able to create an account and log in.
- Once logged in, users shouldn’t have to log in multiple times on the same browser (session persistence).
- User should be able to log out once logged in. We clear the session persistence when the user logs out.
- Even when user does not login or signup, there should be cookies managed in such a way that user can see his past summaries here. (we should store these in local storage of the user).

## 2. App flow and top navigation bar and pages:

Landing page is for logged out users and home page is for logged in users.

- On Signup, we collect the following details
  - Name
  - Email
  - Password
- On Login, we collect the following details
  - Email
  - Password

Top Navigation Bar: - On the left, we have the logo on the left. - On the right, we have the following options

- Home (active by default)
- Discover channels (List of channels)
- Past Summaries (List of summaries by date which were generated by the user (show a filter at the top for generated summaries vs all summaries)
  For Logged out user:
  - Login
  - Signup (with a cool animation)
    For Logged in user:
- Hi {user} with a dropdown and two options
  - My Subscriptions (List of channels that the user is subscribed to)
  - Logout button

### Landing Page (not logged in)

- There should be a hero section with a title, subtitle
- There should be in input field to submit a YouTube link for summary generation. Anyone should be able to generate a summary.
- Show a cool loader for the summary card loading animation while the summary is being generated.
- Below that, there should past summaries generated by the user
- And if generated summaries is <5, then below that show the same content as on discover channels page

### Landing Page or home page (logged in)

- There should be in input field to submit a YouTube link for summary generation. Anyone should be able to generate a summary.
- Show a cool loader for the summary card loading animation while the summary is being generated.
- Below that, there should past summaries generated by OR from channels subscribed by the user
- And if generated summaries is <5, then below that show the same content as on discover channels page

### Discover channels Page

- Users will see a list of channels that they can subscribe to
- Each channel will have the following details
  - Name
  - Description
  - Number of summaries generated for the channel
- Users can subscribe to a channel by clicking on the subscribe button. On clicking the subscribe button, the user is subscribed to the channel and the button text changes to Unsubscribe. [there should be a cool animation on subscribe]
- Users can unsubscribe from a channel by clicking on the unsubscribe button. On clicking the unsubscribe button, the user is unsubscribed from the channel and the button text changes to Subscribe.
- Users can see the list of videos/podcasts for a channel by clicking on the channel name. Doing so opens the channel page.

### History Page (past summaries page)

- Users will see a list of summaries that they have generated
- Show summary feed for that user with all summaries (generated and auto fetched from subscribed channels)
- There should be a filter to show summaries generated by the user or all summaries

### Channel page:

- Cards with the following details:

  - Name of the video
  - Name of the channel
  - Tags for those videos (if generated)
  - Get summary button
  - Talk to this video button

  On generating a summary, we should show the summary card on the channel page with the same loading animation as on the landing page or home page

## 3. Submit YouTube/Podcast Link & Generate Summary

- After creating an account, users should be able to submit a YouTube link (which could be of multiple types)
- We validate the youtube link immediately on the client side
- User can click on 'Generate Summary' button to generate the summary
- We show a skeleton loader of Summary Card on button click
- We show the summary card with the summary on success
- The system should generate a summary and relevant tags for that particular video
- On the summary card, the user should see:
  - **The name/title** of the video or podcast. (clicking on this should open the video/podcast in a new tab)
  - **The channel name**. (clicking on this should open the channel page in a new tab)
  - **The creation date** of the video or podcast.
  - **Subscribe** button, which allows the user to subscribe to the channel.
  - **Tags generated for that summary/content.** [tags will be same for a summary/video - essentially link tags to a content piece and not the summary]
  - **Names of the people who are featured in the video/podcast**
- The content should be well formatted and easy to read.
- If the summary for a video has already been generated, display the existing summary to save on API/LLM costs. [same for transcript. if for a content piece we already have content pulled in, we should not pull it again. retreiving the same summary will also result in a much faster experience. also, will have to do a lot of prompt engineering to improve the quality of the summary to get names, tags, main points, examples mentioned properly]

## 5. Interactive Q&A with Transcript

- After reading a summary, users should be able to **chat** with the video or podcast, asking very specific questions.
- An **integrated LLM** should provide answers based on the content of the transcript.
- User should be able to ask question on the summary card itself. Once the question is asked, we should show a chat interface on a separate new page (QnA page) with the question and the answer. Video name should be at the top of the page with chanel name.
- The QnA should be only on the transcript of the video
- User should be able to ask follow up questions. [ensure context for followup questions is transcript + previous question and answer]

## 6. Tags Functionality

- Each **summary card** should display **tags extracted** from the video or podcast.

## 7. Automated Content Updates & Notifications

- A **cron job** should periodically check for **new videos or podcasts** in all channels on the platform.
- Users should receive a **daily email** listing new content summaries from their subscribed channels.
- If **there is no new content** for a user on a given day, **no email** should be sent.

## 8. Channel Discovery & Ranking

- Channels with most subscribers on our platform should be shown at the top of the discover channels page

## 9. Content Details

- When a user posts a URL, we show the summary that was generated for that content even if the summary was not generated by the same user.
- For every URL or video/podcast, all the details of the content that we show on the summary card should be stored in the database. Following are the details that we store:
  - Title
  - Channel Name
  - Creation Date
  - Transcript
  - Summary
  - Tags
  - Names of the people featured in the summary

## 10. Edge Cases

- Empty States or Error States should be handled gracefully.
- Invalid or unsupported link submissions should be handled gracefully.

## 11. Future Enhancements:

### Phase 1 for future enhancements:

- - Making an Account page so that users can change:
  - Name
  - Email
  - Password
- Add description to the channels page
- Generating transcripts page or showing transcripts from summary cards
- Show Detailed summary option on summary card
- User should be able to share the summary card on social media.
- Tags clicking and search functionality basis tags or any term to be added later
- Storing of interactive qna can be done later
- not logged in users should be ablt to generate only{n} summaries post which they will have to create an account

### Phase 2 for future enhancements:

- We will add a **search bar** to the top navigation bar to search for videos/podcasts. [this is alreadt there right]
- We will enable other content formats like articles, newsletters, books, podcasts, etc.
- Build more content formats like **Quizzes** and **Flashcards** for better retention.
- We will enable users to **generate summaries** for other content formats (like blogs, podcasts, articles, etc).
- users should be able to generate simple audio summaries as well to listen to these summaries rather than reading them
- We will enable users to **ask questions** about other content formats.
- We will enable users to **search for summaries** for other content formats.
- We will enable users to **subscribe to channels** for other content formats.
- Get a complete picture of the user's content consumption.
- Get a complete picture of the people the user is interested in.
- Have dedicated pages for **Topics** and **People**.
- Get a complete picture of the user's interests and preferences. This will help us in showing the most relevant content to the user.
- As a user, I want to save my favorite summaries so that I can revisit them easily later.
- Integrate posthog for analytics.
